COM-1357 Document the Stream usage in the Platform C# SDK (#3)
coveooss/platform-sdk: README.md

```

### Pushing a document with large binary data size

> The Push API has a hard limit of 5MB (compressed) on the document's binary data. When the size exceeds that value you typically need to request an upload URI to an S3 Bucket. You would then put your document binary data in that bucket and refer to it by ID when pushing the target document with the Push API. However, lucky you, the SDK handles this automatically. Thus, the SDK compresses the content, and if it exceeds 5MB (compressed), it will do the needed logic. Take note that the maximum size of a document is 256MB (compressed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Push API has a hard limit of 5MB (compressed) on the document's binary data. When the size exceeds that value, you typically need to request an upload URI to an S3 Bucket. You would then put your document binary data in that bucket and refer to it by ID when pushing the target document with the Push API. However, lucky you, the SDK handles this automatically. Thus, the SDK compresses the content, and if it exceeds 5MB (compressed), it will do the needed logic. Take note that the maximum size of a document is 256MB (compressed).
```

Reviewer: Here: "You would then put your document binary data in that bucket and refer to it by ID when pushing the target document with the Push API"

I suppose we refer to the bucket's ID? If so, I'd be a bit more specific. It's a bit confusing whether we are referring to the binary data's ID or the bucket's ID.

Reviewer 2: @ClaudineL I think you made this change. Would you be able to confirm :)

Author: The only change I made was a space at the end of the sentence that was deleted 🙂 But if you think the original doc is too confusing I'll clarify it.

Author: Looking at the code, the ID actually refers to the fileId returned by the request to get a file container, so I'm not sure if referring to it as a bucket is accurate, it's a separate kind of data structure.

client.DocumentManager.AddOrUpdateDocuments(sourceId, documentsToAdd, documentsToDelete, null);
```

## Using the SDK to push documents to the Stream API

Methods to interact with the Stream API are part of the `client.DocumentManager` object. It’s a different mode of operations from the Push API, but very similar, with several more calls.

### Requirements:

> * Before you proceed with this method, ensure you’ve understood how to [index data](https://docs.coveo.com/en/2956/coveo-for-commerce/index-commerce-catalog-content-with-the-stream-api) and [create a commerce catalog](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3139/coveo-for-commerce/create-a-coveo-commerce-catalog).

Author: I think the order is a bit weird, shouldn't the creation of the commerce catalog come first? I would also say 'index data with the Stream API'.

Reviewer 2: > 

I apologize if this is causing extra work on your end. 
The next time around I'll be sure to ask for the proper access to the repo.

> * Before you proceed with this method, ensure you’ve understood how to [index data](https://docs.coveo.com/en/2956/coveo-for-commerce/index-commerce-catalog-content-with-the-stream-api) and [create a commerce catalog](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3139/coveo-for-commerce/create-a-coveo-commerce-catalog).

Reviewer 2: @SLangevin We had mentioned that there is a need to link to the docs for this information. Do you think it belongs here as something that needs to be understood to proceed?

Reviewer 2: @SLangevin 👁️ 👁️

> * Before you proceed with this method, ensure you’ve understood how to [index data](https://docs.coveo.com/en/2956/coveo-for-commerce/index-commerce-catalog-content-with-the-stream-api) and [create a commerce catalog](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3139/coveo-for-commerce/create-a-coveo-commerce-catalog).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before you proceed with this method, ensure you’ve understood how to [index data with the stream API](https://docs.coveo.com/en/2956/coveo-for-commerce/index-commerce-catalog-content-with-the-stream-api) and [create a commerce catalog](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3139/coveo-for-commerce/create-a-coveo-commerce-catalog).
```

* For additional information and payload examples, refer to [How to Stream Your Catalog Data to Your Source](https://docs.coveo.com/en/lb4a0344/coveo-for-commerce/how-to-stream-your-catalog-data-to-your-source).

> * To use the Stream API, a version of the CoveoPlatformConfig needs to be created where useStreamApi is set to true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To use the Stream API, a version of the `CoveoPlatformConfig` needs to be created where `useStreamApi` option is set to true:
```

Author: I would say `parameter` rather than option, but noted.

`new CoveoPlatformConfig(Constants.Endpoint.UsEast1.PROD_PUSH_API_URL, Constants.PlatformEndpoint.UsEast1.PROD_PLATFORM_API_URL, apiKey, organizationId, true)`

### How the Stream API works

The Stream API works in two ways:

* Stream mode (a full rebuild)
* Update mode (an incremental refresh)

### Call Wrappers for the Stream API

> Call wrappers for the Stream API are found in the StreamApiDocumentServiceManager. You will need to create the [catalog source](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3295/index-content/add-or-edit-a-catalog-source) in the Admin UI first. Batching documents is recommended.

Reviewer 2: Should I link "Batching documents" to here for context?https://docs.coveo.com/en/90/index-content/manage-batches-of-items-in-a-push-source?

> Call wrappers for the Stream API are found in the StreamApiDocumentServiceManager. You will need to create the [catalog source](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3295/index-content/add-or-edit-a-catalog-source) in the Admin UI first. Batching documents is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call wrappers for the Stream API are found in the `StreamApiDocumentServiceManager`. You will need to create the [catalog source](https://docs.coveo.com/en/3295/index-content/add-or-edit-a-catalog-source) in the Coveo Administration Console first. Batching documents is recommended.
```

> As the class inherits from DocumentServiceManager, the only truly new public calls are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the class inherits from `DocumentServiceManager`, the only truly new public calls are:
```

`GetNewChunkForStream(string sourceId)`
`OpenDocumentStream(string sourceId)`
`CloseDocumentStream(string sourceId)`

Adding and deleting documents will call the base methods, but with some Stream API-specific details in the implementation.

### How to Open a Stream:

> > :warning: When you open and close a stream all previous files not indexed in the current operation will be removed from the index. Updating individual documents should be done in **update mode**, without the need to open a stream and close it afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: When you open and close a stream, all previous files not indexed in the current operation will be removed from the index. Updating individual documents should be done in **update mode**, without the need to open a stream and close it afterwards.
```

Use `client.DocumentManager.OpenDocumentStream(sourceId)`

This will save a `streamId` in the StreamApiDocumentServiceManager instance.

### Add or Update Documents:

> The below calls use the call to `AddOrUpdateDocuments` that is in the DocumentServiceManager, whether or not the streamApiDocumentServiceManager contains a `streamId` will determine if the documents are uploaded in **stream mode** using the /chunk endpoint, or uploaded in **update mode** using the /files endpoint.

Reviewer: Would that make sense?

```suggestion
The below calls use the call to the `AddOrUpdateDocuments` endpoint that is in the` DocumentServiceManager`. The presence of a `streamId` in the `streamApiDocumentServiceManager` will determine if the documents are uploaded in **stream mode** using the /chunk endpoint, or uploaded in **update mode** using the `/files` endpoint.
```

For a single file use: `streamApiDocumentServiceManager.AddOrUpdateDocument(sourceId, pushDocument, orderingId)`
OR
For multiple files, use: `streamApiDocumentServiceManager.AddOrUpdateDocuments(sourceId, documentsToAddOrUpdate, orderingId)`

There shouldn’t be a need to manually call `GetNewChunkForStream`, as in **stream mode** each new call to `AddOrUpdateDocuments` will also call `GetNewChunkForStream`.

> In **update mode**, the call to /update is done automatically after uploading each batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **update mode**, the call to the `/update` endpoint is done automatically after uploading each batch.
```

### Delete Documents:

To delete a single file, use: `DeleteDocument(sourceId, documentsToDelete, orderingId)`
OR
To delete multiple files, use: `DeleteDocuments(sourceId, documentsToDelete, orderingId)`

> These calls will close an existing stream and call `AddOrUpdateDocuments` as well, followed by a call to the /update endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These calls will close an existing stream and call `AddOrUpdateDocuments` as well, followed by a call to the `/update` endpoint.
```
